Fix creating key store from file system in near-api-js quick reference (#751)
near/docs: docs/api/naj-quick-reference.md

const keyStore = new keyStores.BrowserLocalStorageKeyStore();
```

<!--Using Credentials Directory-->

```js

> // creates keyStore from credentials directory
> // you should have login the account with NEAR CLI: https://docs.near.org/docs/tools/near-cli#near-login

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// creates a keyStore that searches for keys in .near-credentials
// requires credentials stored locally by using a NEAR-CLI command: `near login` 
// https://docs.near.org/docs/tools/near-cli#near-login
```

const { keyStores } = nearAPI;
const homedir = require("os").homedir();
const CREDENTIALS_DIR = ".near-credentials";
const credentialsPath = path.join(homedir, CREDENTIALS_DIR);
const keyStore = new keyStores.UnencryptedFileSystemKeyStore(credentialsPath);
```

<!--Using a File-->

```js
// creates keyStore from a provided file
// you will need to pass the location of the .json key pair

> const { keyStores, KeyPair } = nearAPI;
> const KEY_PATH = "~/.near-credentials/testnet/example-account.json";
> const credentials = JSON.parse(fs.readFileSync(KEY_PATH));
> const keyStore = new keyStores.InMemoryKeyStore();
> keyStore.setKey(networkId, appName, KeyPair.fromString(credentials.private_key));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const { KeyPair, keyStores } = require("near-api-js");
const fs = require("fs");
const homedir = require("os").homedir();

const ACCOUNT_ID = "near-example.testnet";  // NEAR account tied to the keyPair
const NETWORK_ID = "testnet";
const KEY_PATH = "/.near-credentials/testnet/near-example.testnet.json";

const credentials = JSON.parse(fs.readFileSync(homedir + KEY_PATH));
const keyStore = new keyStores.InMemoryKeyStore();
keyStore.setKey(NETWORK_ID, ACCOUNT_ID, KeyPair.fromString(credentials.private_key));
```

Nice catch! Wasn't able to get my machine to read the json file by passing the KEY_PATH using '~' even though I am on a mac... so decided to include `homedir` in this example as well.

Author: ah, yes. that's right. thanks!

const ACCOUNT_ID = "near-example.testnet";  // NEAR account tied to the keyPair
const NETWORK_ID = "testnet";

> const KEY_PATH = `/.near-credentials/${NETWORK_ID}/${ACCOUNT_ID}.json`;

Reviewer: I'm wondering if it would make sense to have the `KEY_PATH` be something unique that would indicate the special use case of pointing directly to a file. If a user was using the default keyPair for an account in the default directory of that network... they should just use the "Using Credentials Directory" example.

Maybe we can change this to highlight that you would only use this if you wanted to use a special key pair to sign this transaction... maybe a special function access key or something of the like... What do you think @think-in-universe ?

Something like:

```suggestion
// path to your custom keyPair location (ex. function access key for example account)
const KEY_PATH = '/.near-credentials/near-example-testnet/get_token_price.json';
```

Author: good idea. we do have developers who want to test with function call key in this way.
